Imperial Brother, what are you doing?
What exactly has the Emperor done wrong?
What is the Emperor's reasoning?
Prince Rui has made contributions in the protest, hasn’t he?
Why treat him this way?
Fanghua used a human skin mask.
I don’t understand either.
Why does my most favored younger brother act against me?
Even going so far as to poison me and attempt to kill me?
What? It was actually Prince Rui?
I had no intention of harming you, Imperial Brother.
Fanghua will only cause your body to weaken.
It won’t endanger your life.
Besides, I have the antidote here.
You won’t be in trouble.
You’re being foolish. Why are you doing this?
Because I want to prove myself to Mother.
Why?
Just as I am also Mother’s child,
Mother can sacrifice herself to help you obtain the throne,
suffering and worrying.
And me?
Even commenting in front of Father,
I am punished.
You can go to the battlefield alone,
but I,
every time I want to go to the battlefield,
Mother, you block me in every way.
Mother, am I really worse than Imperial Brother?
How can you think that?
I am doing my best to protect you.
Your Imperial Brother is risking his life for the throne.
How could I let both of you go to your deaths?
Even if you think Mother favors Imperial Brother over me,
I can still be a good emperor.